gh-86726: Document more tkinter.Tk methods (#23689)
python/cpython: Doc/library/tkinter.rst

   .. FIXME: The following keyword arguments are currently recognized:

>    Methods inheritted from :class:`Misc` parent class (some methods ommited):

Reviewer: Spelling: _inherited_; _omitted_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Methods inherited from :class:`!Misc` parent class (some methods omited):
```
Made spelling fixes; Added ! to Misc since there is not such doc section.

   .. method:: destroy()

>       Destroy this and all descendants widgets. This will

Reviewer: all _descendant_ widgets [without the trailing _s_]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Destroy this and all descendant widgets. This will
```

      end the application of this Tcl interpreter.

   .. method:: after(ms, func=None, *args)

      Call function once after given time.

>       MS specifies the time in milliseconds. FUNC gives the

Reviewer: Parameter names are normally marked up in italics rather than all caps, i.e. `*Ms*` and `*Func*` in this case. See my _createfilehandler_ entry at the bottom, or the other Python RST documentation files for examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      *Ms* specifies the time in milliseconds. *Func* is the function
```

      function which shall be called. Additional parameters
      are given as parameters to the function call.  Return
      identifier to cancel scheduling with :meth:`~Tk.after_cancel`.

   .. method:: after_idle(func, *args)

      Call FUNC once if the Tcl main loop has no event to

>       process.

Reviewer: This is more of a complaint about the original docstring, but the _if_ suggests the function may not be called. I would drop it and write "Call *func* _once_ the main loop has no event . . ."

Reviewer 2: The suggestion should have been attached to the previous line.  To implement the suggestion, I have to attach it there.

      Return an identifier to cancel the scheduling with
      :meth:`~Tk.after_cancel`.

   .. method:: after_cancel(id)

      Cancel scheduling of function identified with ID.

      Identifier returned by :meth:`~Tk.after` or :meth:`~Tk.after_idle` must be

>       given as first parameter.

Reviewer: Improvement to the docstring: It would read much better as "_The_ identifier returned . . . given as _the_ first parameter."

   .. method:: bell(displayof=0)

      Ring a display's bell.

   .. method:: clipboard_get(**kw)

      Retrieve data from the clipboard on window's display.

      The window keyword defaults to the root window of the Tkinter
      application.

>       The type keyword specifies the form in which the data is

Reviewer: Use italics for keyword names like `*window*` and `*type*`

Reviewer 2: This should have been a multi-line comment.  Fixed in a separate comment.

      to be returned and should be an atom name such as STRING
      or FILE_NAME.  Type defaults to STRING, except on X11, where the default
      is to try UTF8_STRING and fall back to STRING.

      This command is equivalent to:

      selection_get(CLIPBOARD)

      .. FIXME: Create link to :meth:`selection_get` with the parameter CLIPBOARD

   .. method:: clipboard_clear(**kw)

      Clear the data in the Tk clipboard.

      A widget specified for the optional displayof keyword
      argument specifies the target display.

   .. method:: clipboard_append(string, **kw)

      Append STRING to the Tk clipboard.

      A widget specified at the optional displayof keyword
      argument specifies the target display. The clipboard
      can be retrieved with :meth:`~Tk.selection_get`.

   .. method:: grab_current()

>       Return widget which has currently the grab in this application

Reviewer: which _currently has_ the grab [also in the docstring]

      or None.

>    .. method:: grab_release(self)

Reviewer: Drop the _self_ parameter (unless it needs adding for all the other methods?!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. method:: grab_release()
```

      Release grab for this widget if currently set.

   .. method:: grab_set()

      Set grab for this widget.

      A grab directs all events to this and descendant

>       widgets in the application.

Reviewer: The methods appear to be in alphabetical order, but if that isn't important, I would move this and _grab_set_global_ before the other _grab__ methods, because this explanatory text is relevant to the other methods.

   .. method:: grab_set_global()

      Set global grab for this widget.

      A global grab directs all events to this and
      descendant widgets on the display. Use with caution -

>       other applications do not get events anymore.

Reviewer: Other parts of the Python RST documentation use triple hyphens to get a proper em dash: "caution --- other applications . . ."

      Return None, "local" or "global" if this widget has
      no, a local or a global grab.

   .. method:: selection_clear(**kw)

      Clear the current X selection.

   .. method:: selection_get(**kw)

      Return the contents of the current X selection.

      A keyword parameter selection specifies the name of
      the selection and defaults to PRIMARY.  A keyword
      parameter displayof specifies a widget on the display
      to use. A keyword parameter type specifies the form of data to be
      fetched, defaulting to STRING except on X11, where UTF8_STRING is tried
      before STRING.

   .. method:: selection_handle(command, **kw)

      Specify a function COMMAND to call if the X
      selection owned by this widget is queried by another
      application.

      This function must return the contents of the
      selection. The function will be called with the
      arguments OFFSET and LENGTH which allows the chunking
      of very long selections. The following keyword
      parameters can be provided:
      selection - name of the selection (default PRIMARY),
      type - type of the selection (e.g. STRING, FILE_NAME).

   .. method:: selection_own(**kw)

>       Become owner of X selection.

Reviewer: Become _the_ owner of _the_ X selection [similarly for _selection_own_get_ below]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Become the owner of the X selection.
```

      A keyword parameter selection specifies the name of
      the selection (default PRIMARY).

   .. method:: selection_own_get(**kw)

      Return owner of X selection.

      The following keyword parameter can
      be provided:
      selection - name of the selection (default PRIMARY),
      type - type of the selection (e.g. STRING, FILE_NAME).

   .. method:: lower(belowThis=None)

      Lower this widget in the stacking order.

   .. method:: tkraise(aboveThis=None)

      Raise this widget in the stacking order.

   .. method:: winfo_children()

      Return a list of all widgets which are children of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_exists()

      Return true if this widget exists.

   .. method:: winfo_geometry()

      Return geometry string for this widget in the form "widthxheight+X+Y".

   .. method:: winfo_height()

>       Return height of this widget.

Reviewer: Return _the_ height [Similarly for _winfo_width_.]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the height of this widget.
```

   .. method:: winfo_width()

      Return width of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_id()

      Return identifier ID for this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_name()

      Return the name of this widget

   .. method:: winfo_parent()

      Return the name of the parent of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_pointerx()

      Return the x coordinate of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_pointerxy()

      Return a tuple of x and y coordinates of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_pointery()

      Return the y coordinate of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_rootx()

      Return x coordinate of upper left corner of this widget on the

>       root window.

Reviewer: I would add _the_ articles and use italics for the _x_ and _y_ names around here, e.g. "Return the *x* coordinate of the upper left . . ."

   .. method:: winfo_rooty()

      Return y coordinate of upper left corner of this widget on the
      root window.

   .. method:: winfo_screen()

      Return the screen name of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_screenheight()

      Return the number of pixels of the height of the screen of this widget

>       in pixel.

Reviewer: I would drop one redundant _pixels_ and make the other plural: "Return the height . . . in _pixels_." Same for _width_ below.

   .. method:: winfo_screenwidth()

      Return the number of pixels of the width of the screen of
      this widget in pixel.

   .. method:: winfo_toplevel()

      Return the toplevel widget of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_viewable()

      Return true if the widget and all its higher ancestors are mapped.

   .. method:: winfo_x()

      Return the x coordinate of the upper left corner of this widget
      in the parent.

   .. method:: winfo_y()

      Return the y coordinate of the upper left corner of this widget
      in the parent.

   .. method:: update()

      Enter event loop until all pending events have been processed by Tcl.

   .. method:: update_idletasks()

      Enter event loop until all idle callbacks have been called. This
      will update the display of windows but not process events caused by
      the user.

   .. method:: bindtags(tagList=None)

      Set or get the list of bindtags for this widget.

      With no argument return the list of all bindtags associated with
      this widget. With a list of strings as argument the bindtags are
      set to this list. The bindtags determine in which order events are

>       processed (see bind).

Reviewer: Needs marking up, something like `` :meth:`bind` ``?

   .. method:: bind(sequence=None, func=None, add=None)

      Bind to this widget at event SEQUENCE a call to function FUNC.

      SEQUENCE is a string of concatenated event
      patterns. An event pattern is of the form
      <MODIFIER-MODIFIER-TYPE-DETAIL> where MODIFIER is one
      of Control, Mod2, M2, Shift, Mod3, M3, Lock, Mod4, M4,
      Button1, B1, Mod5, M5 Button2, B2, Meta, M, Button3,
      B3, Alt, Button4, B4, Double, Button5, B5 Triple,
      Mod1, M1. TYPE is one of Activate, Enter, Map,
      ButtonPress, Button, Expose, Motion, ButtonRelease
      FocusIn, MouseWheel, Circulate, FocusOut, Property,
      Colormap, Gravity Reparent, Configure, KeyPress, Key,

>       Unmap, Deactivate, KeyRelease Visibility, Destroy,

Reviewer: Looks like ButtonRelease, FocusIn, Gravity, Reparent, KeyRelease, and Visibility are all separate event types; maybe there should be commas?

Reviewer 2: Yes, done below.

      Leave and DETAIL is the button number for ButtonPress,
      ButtonRelease and DETAIL is the Keysym for KeyPress and
      KeyRelease. Examples are
      <Control-Button-1> for pressing Control and mouse button 1 or
      <Alt-A> for pressing A and the Alt key (KeyPress can be omitted).
      An event pattern can also be a virtual event of the form
      <<AString>> where AString can be arbitrary. This

>       event can be generated by event_generate.

Reviewer: Link to `` :meth:`event_generate` ``? There are more places that method names can be marked up and linked below.

   .. method:: mainloop(n=0)

      Call the mainloop of Tk.

   .. method:: quit()

      Quit the Tcl interpreter. All widgets will be destroyed.

   .. method:: nametowidget(name)

      Return the Tkinter instance of a widget identified by
      its Tcl name NAME.

   .. method:: configure(cnf=None, **kw)

      Configure resources of a widget.

      The values for resources are specified as keyword
      arguments. To get an overview about
      the allowed keyword arguments call the method keys.

   .. method:: event_add(virtual, *sequences)

      Bind a virtual event VIRTUAL (of the form <<Name>>)
      to an event SEQUENCE such that the virtual event is triggered
      whenever SEQUENCE occurs.

   .. method:: event_delete(virtual, *sequences)

      Unbind a virtual event VIRTUAL from SEQUENCE.

   .. method:: event_generate(sequence, **kw)

      Generate an event SEQUENCE. Additional
      keyword arguments specify parameter of the event
      (e.g. x, y, rootx, rooty).

   .. method:: event_info(virtual=None)

      Return a list of all virtual events or the information
      about the SEQUENCE bound to the virtual event VIRTUAL.

>    Methods inheritted from :class:`WM` parent class:

Reviewer: Single T for _inherited_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Methods inherited from :class:`!WM` parent class:
```
We should either explain here that each has a 'wm_xxx` synonym or give the synonym with each entry.

   .. method:: aspect(minNumer=None, minDenom=None, maxNumer=None, maxDenom=None)

      Instruct the window manager to set the aspect ratio (width/height)
      of this widget to be between MINNUMER/MINDENOM and MAXNUMER/MAXDENOM. Return a tuple
      of the actual values if no argument is given.

   .. method:: attributes(*args)

      This subcommand returns or sets platform specific attributes

      The first form returns a list of the platform specific flags and
      their values. The second form returns the value for the specific
      option. The third form sets one or more of the values. The values
      are as follows:

      On Windows, -disabled gets or sets whether the window is in a
      disabled state. -toolwindow gets or sets the style of the window
      to toolwindow (as defined in the MSDN). -topmost gets or sets
      whether this is a topmost window (displays above all other
      windows).

>       On Macintosh, XXXXX

Reviewer: I guess this line could be removed

Reviewer 2: No.  There are attributes common to all systems, 1 common to Windows and Mac, and specific ones for each system.  Revision needed.  https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl8.6/TkCmd/wm.html

      On Unix, there are currently no special attribute values.

   .. method:: client(name=None)

      Store NAME in WM_CLIENT_MACHINE property of this widget. Return
      current value.

   .. method:: colormapwindows(*wlist)

      Store list of window names (WLIST) into WM_COLORMAPWINDOWS property
      of this widget. This list contains windows whose colormaps differ from their
      parents. Return current list of widgets if WLIST is empty.

   .. method:: command(value=None)

      Store VALUE in WM_COMMAND property. It is the command
      which shall be used to invoke the application. Return current
      command if VALUE is None.

   .. method:: deiconify()

      Store VALUE in WM_COMMAND property. It is the command
      which shall be used to invoke the application. Return current

>       command if VALUE is None.

Reviewer: Copy and paste mistake?

   .. method:: focusmodel(model=None)

      Set focus model to MODEL. "active" means that this widget will claim
      the focus itself, "passive" means that the window manager shall give
      the focus. Return current focus model if MODEL is None.

   .. method:: forget(window)

      The window will be unmapped from the screen and will no longer
      be managed by wm. toplevel windows will be treated like frame
      windows once they are no longer managed by wm, however, the menu
      option configuration will be remembered and the menus will return
      once the widget is managed again.

   .. method:: frame()

      Return identifier for decorative frame of this widget if present.

   .. method:: geometry(newGeometry=None)

>       Set geometry to NEWGEOMETRY of the form =widthxheight+x+y. Return

Reviewer: Would be nice to mark up or otherwise differentiate the variables from the syntax. E.g. the TK manual uses italic _width_, _height_, _x_ and _y_.

Reviewer 2: Minimal change:
```suggestion
      Set geometry to *newGeometry* of the form =widthxheight+x+y. Return
```

      The data in the images is taken as a snapshot at the time of
      invocation. If the images are later changed, this is not reflected
      to the titlebar icons. Multiple images are accepted to allow
      different images sizes to be provided. The window manager may scale
      provided icons to an appropriate size.

      On Windows, the images are packed into a Windows icon structure.
      This will override an icon specified to wm_iconbitmap, and vice
      versa.

      On X, the images are arranged into the _NET_WM_ICON X property,
      which most modern window managers support. An icon specified by
      wm_iconbitmap may exist simultaneously.

      On Macintosh, this currently does nothing.

      .. versionadded:: Tk 8.5

   .. method:: iconposition(x=None, y=None)

      Set the position of the icon of this widget to X and Y. Return
      a tuple of the current values of X and X if None is given.

   .. method:: iconwindow(pathName=None)

      Set widget PATHNAME to be displayed instead of icon. Return the current
      value if None is given.

   .. method:: manage(widget)

      The widget specified will become a stand alone top-level window.

>       The window will be decorated with the window managers title bar,

Reviewer: Apostrophe for _window manager's_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The window will be decorated with the window manager's title bar,
```

      etc.

   .. method:: maxsize(width=None, height=None)

      Set max WIDTH and HEIGHT for this widget. If the window is gridded
      the values are given in grid units. Return the current values if None
      is given.

   .. method:: minsize(width=None, height=None)

      Set min WIDTH and HEIGHT for this widget. If the window is gridded
      the values are given in grid units. Return the current values if None
      is given.

   .. method:: overrideredirect(boolean=None)

      Instruct the window manager to ignore this widget
      if BOOLEAN is given with 1. Return the current value if None
      is given.

   .. method:: positionfrom(who=None)

      Instruct the window manager that the position of this widget shall
      be defined by the user if WHO is "user", and by its own policy if WHO is
      "program".

   .. method:: protocol(name=None, func=None)

      Bind function FUNC to command NAME for this widget.
      Return the function bound to NAME if None is given. NAME could be
      e.g. "WM_SAVE_YOURSELF" or "WM_DELETE_WINDOW".

>    .. method:: resizable(widht=None, height=None)

Reviewer: Spelling: _width_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. method:: resizable(width=None, height=None)
```

      child widget names as the keys and the child instance objects as the
      values.

   Methods inheritted from :class:`Misc` parent class (some methods ommited):

   .. method:: destroy()

      Destroy this and all descendants widgets. This will
      end the application of this Tcl interpreter.

   .. method:: after(ms, func=None, *args)

      Call function once after given time.

      MS specifies the time in milliseconds. FUNC gives the
      function which shall be called. Additional parameters
      are given as parameters to the function call.  Return
      identifier to cancel scheduling with :meth:`~Tk.after_cancel`.

   .. method:: after_idle(func, *args)

>       Call FUNC once if the Tcl main loop has no event to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Call *func* the next time the Tcl main loop has no event to
```

      process.

      Return an identifier to cancel the scheduling with
      :meth:`~Tk.after_cancel`.

   .. method:: after_cancel(id)

      Cancel scheduling of function identified with ID.

>       Identifier returned by :meth:`~Tk.after` or :meth:`~Tk.after_idle` must be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This is the identifier returned by :meth:`~Tk.after` or :meth:`~Tk.after_idle`.
```

>       given as first parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This line is merged into the previous line by my previous suggestion.

   .. method:: bell(displayof=0)

      Ring a display's bell.

   .. method:: clipboard_get(**kw)

>       Retrieve data from the clipboard on window's display.
> 
>       The window keyword defaults to the root window of the Tkinter
>       application.
> 
>       The type keyword specifies the form in which the data is

Reviewer 2: Note: at least on Windows, there is only one clipboard, even when there are multiple screens.
```suggestion
      Return data from the clipboard.

      The *window* keyword defaults to the root window of the Tkinter
      application.  The *type* keyword specifies the form in which the data is
```

      to be returned and should be an atom name such as STRING
      or FILE_NAME.  Type defaults to STRING, except on X11, where the default
      is to try UTF8_STRING and fall back to STRING.

      This command is equivalent to:

      selection_get(CLIPBOARD)

      .. FIXME: Create link to :meth:`selection_get` with the parameter CLIPBOARD

   .. method:: clipboard_clear(**kw)

>       Clear the data in the Tk clipboard.

Reviewer 2: I think "Tk clipboard" should be explained.

      A widget specified for the optional displayof keyword
      argument specifies the target display.

   .. method:: clipboard_append(string, **kw)

      Append STRING to the Tk clipboard.

      A widget specified at the optional displayof keyword
      argument specifies the target display. The clipboard
      can be retrieved with :meth:`~Tk.selection_get`.

   .. method:: grab_current()

>       Return widget which has currently the grab in this application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the widget that currently has the grab in this application
```

   .. method:: selection_get(**kw)

      Return the contents of the current X selection.

      A keyword parameter selection specifies the name of
      the selection and defaults to PRIMARY.  A keyword
      parameter displayof specifies a widget on the display
      to use. A keyword parameter type specifies the form of data to be
      fetched, defaulting to STRING except on X11, where UTF8_STRING is tried
      before STRING.

   .. method:: selection_handle(command, **kw)

      Specify a function COMMAND to call if the X
      selection owned by this widget is queried by another
      application.

      This function must return the contents of the
      selection. The function will be called with the
      arguments OFFSET and LENGTH which allows the chunking
      of very long selections. The following keyword
      parameters can be provided:
      selection - name of the selection (default PRIMARY),
      type - type of the selection (e.g. STRING, FILE_NAME).

   .. method:: selection_own(**kw)

      Become owner of X selection.

      A keyword parameter selection specifies the name of
      the selection (default PRIMARY).

   .. method:: selection_own_get(**kw)

>       Return owner of X selection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the owner of the X selection.
```

      The following keyword parameter can
      be provided:
      selection - name of the selection (default PRIMARY),
      type - type of the selection (e.g. STRING, FILE_NAME).

   .. method:: lower(belowThis=None)

      Lower this widget in the stacking order.

   .. method:: tkraise(aboveThis=None)

      Raise this widget in the stacking order.

   .. method:: winfo_children()

      Return a list of all widgets which are children of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_exists()

      Return true if this widget exists.

   .. method:: winfo_geometry()

>       Return geometry string for this widget in the form "widthxheight+X+Y".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the geometry string for this widget in the form "widthxheight+X+Y".
```

   .. method:: winfo_height()

      Return height of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_width()

>       Return width of this widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the width of this widget.
```

   .. method:: winfo_id()

>       Return identifier ID for this widget.

Reviewer 2: Return the identifier?  Return an identifier?  Omit 'ID'?

   .. method:: winfo_name()

      Return the name of this widget

   .. method:: winfo_parent()

      Return the name of the parent of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_pointerx()

      Return the x coordinate of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_pointerxy()

      Return a tuple of x and y coordinates of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_pointery()

      Return the y coordinate of the pointer on the root window.

   .. method:: winfo_rootx()

      Return x coordinate of upper left corner of this widget on the
      root window.

   .. method:: winfo_rooty()

      Return y coordinate of upper left corner of this widget on the
      root window.

   .. method:: winfo_screen()

      Return the screen name of this widget.

   .. method:: winfo_screenheight()

>       Return the number of pixels of the height of the screen of this widget
>       in pixel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the height of the screen of this widget in pixels.
```

   .. method:: winfo_screenwidth()

>       Return the number of pixels of the width of the screen of
>       this widget in pixel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return the width of the screen of this widget in pixels.
```

      in the parent.

   .. method:: update()

      Enter event loop until all pending events have been processed by Tcl.

   .. method:: update_idletasks()

      Enter event loop until all idle callbacks have been called. This
      will update the display of windows but not process events caused by
      the user.

   .. method:: bindtags(tagList=None)

      Set or get the list of bindtags for this widget.

      With no argument return the list of all bindtags associated with
      this widget. With a list of strings as argument the bindtags are
      set to this list. The bindtags determine in which order events are
      processed (see bind).

   .. method:: bind(sequence=None, func=None, add=None)

      Bind to this widget at event SEQUENCE a call to function FUNC.

      SEQUENCE is a string of concatenated event
      patterns. An event pattern is of the form
      <MODIFIER-MODIFIER-TYPE-DETAIL> where MODIFIER is one
      of Control, Mod2, M2, Shift, Mod3, M3, Lock, Mod4, M4,
      Button1, B1, Mod5, M5 Button2, B2, Meta, M, Button3,
      B3, Alt, Button4, B4, Double, Button5, B5 Triple,
      Mod1, M1. TYPE is one of Activate, Enter, Map,

>       ButtonPress, Button, Expose, Motion, ButtonRelease
>       FocusIn, MouseWheel, Circulate, FocusOut, Property,
>       Colormap, Gravity Reparent, Configure, KeyPress, Key,
>       Unmap, Deactivate, KeyRelease Visibility, Destroy,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ButtonPress, Button, Expose, Motion, ButtonRelease,
      FocusIn, MouseWheel, Circulate, FocusOut, Property,
      Colormap, Gravity, Reparent, Configure, KeyPress, Key,
      Unmap, Deactivate, KeyRelease, Visibility, Destroy,
```

      their values. The second form returns the value for the specific
      option. The third form sets one or more of the values. The values
      are as follows:

      On Windows, -disabled gets or sets whether the window is in a
      disabled state. -toolwindow gets or sets the style of the window
      to toolwindow (as defined in the MSDN). -topmost gets or sets
      whether this is a topmost window (displays above all other
      windows).

      On Macintosh, XXXXX

      On Unix, there are currently no special attribute values.

   .. method:: client(name=None)

      Store NAME in WM_CLIENT_MACHINE property of this widget. Return
      current value.

   .. method:: colormapwindows(*wlist)

      Store list of window names (WLIST) into WM_COLORMAPWINDOWS property
      of this widget. This list contains windows whose colormaps differ from their
      parents. Return current list of widgets if WLIST is empty.

   .. method:: command(value=None)

      Store VALUE in WM_COMMAND property. It is the command
      which shall be used to invoke the application. Return current
      command if VALUE is None.

   .. method:: deiconify()

>       Store VALUE in WM_COMMAND property. It is the command
>       which shall be used to invoke the application. Return current
>       command if VALUE is None.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Deiconify this widget. If it was never mapped it will not be mapped.
      On Windows it will raise this widget and give it the focus.
```
Pasted.

      resized on grid boundaries. WIDTHINC and HEIGHTINC are the width and
      height of a grid unit in pixels. BASEWIDTH and BASEHEIGHT are the
      number of grid units requested in Tk_GeometryRequest.

   .. method:: group(pathName=None)

      Set the group leader widgets for related widgets to PATHNAME. Return
      the group leader of this widget if None is given.

   .. method:: iconbitmap(bitmap=None, default=None)

      Set bitmap for the iconified widget to BITMAP. Return
      the bitmap if None is given.

      Under Windows, the DEFAULT parameter can be used to set the icon
      for the widget and any descendents that don't have an icon set
      explicitly.  DEFAULT can be the relative path to a .ico file
      (example: root.iconbitmap(default='myicon.ico') ).  See Tk
      documentation for more information.

   .. method:: iconify()

      Display widget as icon.

   .. method:: iconmask(bitmap=None)

      Set mask for the icon bitmap of this widget. Return the
      mask if None is given.

   .. method:: iconname(newName=None)

      Set the name of the icon for this widget. Return the name if
      None is given.

>    .. method:: iconphoto(defualt=False, *args)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. method:: iconphoto(default=False, *args)
```
The misspelling is NOT in the signature.
